[Music]
Mediaset,
specifically the programs
Sálvame Diario and Viva la Vida have just been
sentenced again for
violating the honor
and privacy of María José Campanario
and Jesulín de Ubrique.
I imagine that this sentence is not yet
final. Okay, but read
the article a little and let's see. It's normal, I
mean, look, in January 2019, Telecinco
broadcast several of its programs
about Jesulín, María José
Campanario. In it, they talked about a
relationship crisis and the
bullfighter's alleged infidelity with several of
the network's presenters.
And I loved myself.
My son, let's see.
My son, let's see
what he lost his life for being a
flirt.
Well, he probably would have done
very well in the media,
popularly, in terms of the audience,
winning lawsuits and all that. You know
something that didn't sit well with the
marriage at all?
Mariloli, you really pissed me off,
husband. They accuse me of being unfaithful
with several of the network's presenters. And I'll
tell you.  yes he sued he didn't sue no
the trial held by magistrate
carlos or the couple has been partially ruled in favor
according to abc
the claim that
requested half a million euros has been partially upheld
and the network will have to pay 180 thousand
euros to the couple I find it very funny
one thing is that the lawyers of
the campanario is the one of joan plana who is
suing me the most but in planas he does
n't ask me for an amount he
says that he will think about the amount
when the time comes you know why not
because he knows the possibilities he has he
knows well that the claim he made has
been a waste of time for the court
and he doesn't ask for an amount because that conditions
things if you lose a claim that is why
people do not file claims at the
first opportunity if you lose a
claim the costs that you have to
pay the other person depend on what is, on
what you have asked for so if you ask for
half a million
if you ask for millions because you have
many you know that you have a good
chance of winning both you see
such nonsense because evidently
the trial held by the magistrate makes no
difference 180 thousand euros is a
powerful sentence I  I imagine this won't be
Arabic if it says so well I imagine that
this sentence is not final in case you're
talking about 2019 I haven't signed yet it will
surely surely be the first
instance
and this in the appeal will remain much
smaller much smaller sure
okay although well being directly
condemned what the program is is that it is
not the same when they condemn a
producer or a program or the
network itself than when they condemn someone
independent and condemn a
collaborator
evidently they take it into account but it seems
that here they have also
taken into account the other violations
to the honor that the network has had with the
couple because when they condemn you the
first time for violating someone's honor you have to
be part of the conviction of
him in that behavior
then yes if you are showing that you don't
give a [ __ ] about money and you don't care about the one
that you don't care about the sentences that you don't care about
the sentences
my son
you are laughing at justice
then I'll give you a big fine not
total that they are
two payments the first of five thousand
euros each
five thousand euros for privacy  the
intrusion into privacy is worth
185 thousand euros
for the repetition of this information on
viva la vida
and the different versions of sálvame in
the following days
for six days and in several
different time slots,
information was being broadcast that according to the
sentence shows an absolute disregard
for the truth so that everything does not remain
a symbolic payment the judge filed a
second amount let's see what this means does
this mean that they have
not been able to prove that they had
something really relevant that could
demonstrate not only that it was true that
Jesulín was unfaithful but at least truthful
hey, he could have been unfaithful with this one
with these girls
when they lost
when they lost it
is that it has not been possible to prove even that it
was true
in case they had been able
to prove that you will see that there is a basis to support that opinion if they had been able to prove it then surely there would be no conviction because there is the right to information and the media interest that this couple has also explains how sálvame used images of Jesulín himself in their own
press conference to generate expectations in
the audience that were clearly unfounded and to
imply  that he was going to give explanations
about the marital crisis
well that's the least of it that's
the least of it it
's 380 thousand because per person no no no no no no
no it
's 5000 to each plaintiff
and 185,000 I understand that for both if
it were per person they would have exaggerated the
headline and would have put
380 thousand euros
I imagine well what he had done to his wagon it
would be 390 thousand
something that according to the judge the legitimate the
sixth when it is done at the expense of
fundamental rights protected in
our constitution it is also detailed
that the two
people who were involved in breaking
the news were called to testify José Antonio León the
reporter who narrated it and Diego Arrabal
who supposedly obtained the
information
Diego Arrabal
supposedly obtained the information
and has been sentenced Telecinco for this
or in other words the programs have been sentenced
by Diego Arrabal and therefore I do not read
the first one he declared that he only
limited himself to reading what had been passed to him
that's totally like that Antonio León
is simply a worker and Diego
Arrabal  he claimed his right not to
testify,
this being decisive in handing down the
sentence. Oh my God, that's why Diego is
putting it on. Let's see, let's
see, Diego. Wait, why is it that Diego,
that Diego Arrabal is putting ours on. And
look, a
warning to sailors,
freedom of speech and freedom of
expression, you can hit me hard, you can
crush me publicly, you can
crush me in court. You can
try to shut me up, but you'll never
succeed.
My client has nothing to do with
television. I ask please that I talk about the issues
when I can speak, although I think
that sooner rather than later you will see them
published. Good afternoon to all of you who
are asking me. I believe in
justice,
but justice in capital letters, Spanish. In
the gossip press, the
corpse has died for him and Diego. That's why
Diego is like this.
Tribe, I hope you forgive me for not
being present on my channel. I hope that in a
few days I'll be at one hundred percent. Don't
forget me. Now I need it more than ever. Now I
need it more than ever. Let's see, Diego,
freedom of expression exists,
freedom of the press also exists, freedom
of information, but man, if
you have the information about infidelity.
Jesulín, damn it doesn't have to declare,
doesn't declare suffering, this information
came from here, here and here or more or
less something for a court, for
example, when I say things here, I
understand that I have a basis with which I'm
going to be able to defend myself or
whatever, but freedom of expression of course
exists, what is not possible, what is not
possible, of course, ends up lost and here they do
n't condemn him because here they condemn
Gala,
José Manuel, thank you very much,
here they condemn Sálvame, now live life,
okay, condemn Mediaset, but the other one, the big one,
the big one, yes, the salt, I think it
comes out of his pocket because the company is
his, okay, Gustavo,
by the way, today they're going to talk about Sol,
Sálvame too, Víctor, the trailer. Now I have to
rest for a while, well, I don't have to
rest from a meeting and at
seven I'll be back with Enric and Carismas,
what else did you tell me that I couldn't, Mike, let's
put everyone on it, you and
Jamaica, Mike, drop whatever you're
doing, and well,
no, it wasn't inside a Toad's house, what I
saw  the photograph according to
Mariló Montero the photographs were
inside a bungalow
and according to the sentence well the news of
the sentence according to the news of the
sentence by hp this rebellious danger according to
the news of the sentence the photos
were on a private terrace of the
hotel said you know Mariló Montero calls it a
bungalow
but come on that is a historic sentence
340 thousand euros I am sad I am sure I am sure
yes I am sure I am
sure that that sentence in the resources is
going to be smaller
much smaller I do
not think he will win it either it
leads us to deal with the emissions and if
that fact is a little what is in
front I have very good hair today I
feel quite sexy but this fact and
Dicky from behind also not rebellious today there
never that catches me and at the point of the
camera well family I am not happy
that anyone is sentenced or anything like that
are not I am not happy just as
I would not like them to be happy for me no
worth it no of course
but I be careful my weapon what you have to
be careful when you are
working in this in this medium in the
end it is always
exposed not because you are there always
between the line between wanting to give  a
bombshell wanting to drop a bombshell wanting
your company to be the one with the most
exclusives the biggest bombshell when you
're criticizing you're also there on the
line because you're criticizing and you're
also wanting to do it giving the
most I possible no then it
's complicated complicated and sometimes it
goes wrong sometimes it goes wrong so
well I think that I think that it is I
think that both this sentence
because this is the first instance it doesn't
say it in the news but I imagine it
is that I don't understand our first
instance because this is we're
talking about 2019 there hasn't been time for it to
be supreme not a chance so of course
evidently half will be appealed because
half is always appealed and half will
go all the way and this sentence will
remain at much less 180 thousand
euros it's not going to stay no way [ __ ]
this is the resources then it's going to
stay less in the sense that they are
very mediatic figures that they are
figures with a lot of interest that give
exclusives about their private lives that
influences that influences
[Music]
Sofia 36 thank you very much welcome
to my heart and this sentence is going to be
smaller but equally  these
sentences to save me or rather for
Mediaset but it is not even for the
TV factory for Mediaset according to
the article in the headline and the
other one of 340 thousand euros is on the low
side, it reduces the low side, and I don't believe it,
see if I'm honest with you, I
never wish evil on anyone, the truth is, I think that
maybe a small wake-up call
in the criminal courts, because
for the opera I don't know if that has any weight,
the truth is
Mariló Montero for the trials for the
trials I do
n't know if that has any weight for something
criminal
since it wasn't published on the 9th, he
gave up the damage maybe he had the intention
but it didn't exist I don't know the truth I do
n't know what's going to happen but I think that I'm
asking you about the tension, points of
adhesion so that he doesn't know if it has any weight
if not I don't know I don't know them I know he
asks to get married in of course of course let's see, even
if they lose the criminal court, I don't
think that
[Music] will be
sentenced to a sentence that will mean they'll even
go to jail, much less
if they end up losing I'm ending up
sentenced
for  that so many cars look here there is one
still
if they will end up convicted I don't think they were
sentenced to a
prison sentence surely
a bit of a scare so they are
careful with the things they do and so on
but
anyway are they first instances or do they have
years and years left for both one and the
other the two sentences these ones we
are talking about okay both one and
the other will still have a lot of
time left okay
[Music]